Make 5 example Japanese Kanji flash cards of common and useful Japanese kanji chars.

Each card must have exactly 7 fields, no more than 7 fields, no less than 7 fields; per the example below. 

Each of the following fields must be present in each card. 

Field one of seven: the kanji char. 
Field two of seven: its primary meaning (just one word, or a simple hyphenated phrase). 
Field three of seven: if possible, 3-5 additional secondary meaning words of the kanji. 
Field four of seven: its Onyomi reading.
Field five of seven: its Kunyomi reading. 
Field six of seven: where possible, at least 3 vocabulary examples of the primary meaning word in Field two (see note5).
Field seven of seven: where possible, at least 5 vocabulary examples of the secondary meaning words in Field three (see note5).

Critical Rule #1: when composing field six, at least 3 examples must be listed if 3 or more such examples can be found to exist. 
Critical Rule #2: when composing field seven, at least 5 examples must be listed if 5 or more such examples can be found to exist. 

Field four must be expressed in katakana script, and 
Field five in hiragana script.

Here is an example of the formatting of each card (include the // chars to delineate the cards in the deck):
(note1: each card must have exactly those seven fields: only the 7 discussed above)
(note2: there must be a newline after the third field, as per the example)
(note3: there must also be a newline after the fifth field, as per the example)
(note4: there must also be a newline after the sixth field, as per the example)
(note5: in no case can any one field exceed 150 characters in total length, i.e., from its opening double quote mark to its ending double quote mark)

//
{"kanji", "p-meaning", "s-meaning-1, s-meaning-2, s-meaning-3", 
    "ony: ゴ(go)", "kun: あと(ato)",
    "午後(gogo; afternoon, P.M.), 時後(jitgo, Ji-Go; \"After the fact\")", // Example of a single field (six) with optional embedded escaped double quote marks
    "後日(romaji; at a 'later' date), 後続(romaji; following)"}, // Example of a single field, field seven, (with optional single quote marks) 
//
    
In the above example "kanji" would be 後
p-meaning would be "after"
s-meaning-1 might be "later"
s-meaning-2 might be "behind" 
etc. (up to five s-meaning- words should be found and listed in field three)
each 'romaji' would be as gogo is to 午後 or as jitgo/Ji-Go is to 時後

Provide alternate romaji where applicable, as was done in the case of 時後(jitgo, Ji-Go; After the fact)

If there exists no Japanese reading, of either its ony or kun, then that field should contain "ony: -" or "kun: -" respectively. 
When there are such readings, include romaji pronunciations as per the example. 

Please put careful effort into each card. 
Remembering that Each card must have exactly 7 fields, no more than 7 fields, no less than 7 fields; per the example above.
Each field being contained withing non-escaped double quotes and terminated with a single comma, as in: 

"xx, 'xxx' xxxx, ..., \"an embeded escaped quoted phrase\" within a single field.", 

being a rather complex example of one possible such field. 
